Add pre-compile check for Recommended Next Tutorials (#1943)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/tutorials/getting-started/1_01_a_tour_of_ocaml.md

### Functions with Multiple Parameters and Partial Application

A function may have several parameters, separated by spaces.
```ocaml
# let cat a b = a ^ " " ^ b;;
val cat : string -> string -> string = <fun>
```

> The function `cat` has two `string` parameters, `a` and `b`, and returns a value of type `string`.

Reviewer: Perhaps we should change this example away from "a" and "b" as we've been doing to avoid confusion with `'a` and `b`.

Author: Christine I think you might be looking at an older commit. At one point I kind of screwed up my merging and then didn't realize my editor had auto-formatted that specific tutorial when I was testing things out. In the latest commit the only affected file should be tutorial.ml

Reviewer: Oh! That makes sense! I thought we had caught them all. :) 
Can you disregard that or should I delete it?

Author: Hmmm... will it work if I just click "resolve conversation"? 

(I haven't worked on a big team project for a while and forget how this is supposed to go 😅)

Reviewer: Absolutely. Just resolved it, so it should just stay the same. 🙂 
No worries about forgetting...I forget from day to day!

#### Defining a Higher-Order Function

> It is possible to pass a function as argument to another function. Functions having other functions as parameters are called _higher-order_ functions. This was illustrated earlier using function `List.map`. Here is how `map` can be written using pattern matching on lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to pass a function as argument to another function. Functions that have other functions as parameters are called _higher-order_ functions. This was illustrated earlier using function `List.map`. Here is how `map` can be written using pattern matching on lists.
```
